README.md, before:

# Moonlight Embedded

Moonlight Embedded is an open source implementation of NVIDIA's GameStream, as used by the NVIDIA Shield, but built for Linux.

Moonlight Embedded allows you to stream your full collection of games from
your powerful Windows desktop to your (embedded) Linux system, like Raspberry Pi, CuBox-i and ODROID.

## Documentation

More information about installing and runnning Moonlight Embedded is available on the [wiki](https://github.com/irtimmer/moonlight-embedded/wiki).

## Requirements

* [GFE compatible](http://shield.nvidia.com/play-pc-games/) computer with GTX 600/700/900/1000 series GPU (for the PC you're streaming from)
* High-end wireless router (802.11n dual-band recommended) or wired network
* Geforce Experience 2.1.1 or higher

## Quick Start

* Ensure your GFE server and client are on the same network
* Turn on Shield Streaming in the GFE settings
* Pair Moonlight Embedded with the GFE server
* Accept the pairing confirmation on your PC
* Connect to the GFE Server with Moonlight Embedded
* Play games!

## Bugs

Please check the fora, wiki and old bug reports before submitting a new bug report.

Bugs can be reported to the [issue tracker](https://github.com/irtimmer/moonlight-embedded/issues).

## See also

[Moonlight-common-c](https://github.com/moonlight-stream/moonlight-common-c) is the shared codebase between
different C implementations of Moonlight

[Moonlight-common-c](https://github.com/irtimmer/moonlight-common-c) is the fork used by Moonlight Embedded

## Discussion

[XDA](http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2505510) Moonlight in General  
[Raspberry Pi Forum](http://www.raspberrypi.org/forums/viewtopic.php?f=78&t=65878) Moonlight Embedded for Raspberry Pi  
[SolidRun Community](http://www.solid-run.com/community/viewtopic.php?f=13&t=1489&p=11173) Moonlight Embedded for Cubox-i and Hummingboard  
[ODROID Forum](http://forum.odroid.com/viewtopic.php?f=91&t=15456) Moonlight Embedded on ODROID  

## Contribute

1. Fork us
2. Write code
3. Send Pull Requests

Commit message:

Add link to Discord in README.md

README.md, after:

# Moonlight Embedded

Moonlight Embedded is an open source implementation of NVIDIA's GameStream, as used by the NVIDIA Shield, but built for Linux.

Moonlight Embedded allows you to stream your full collection of games from
your powerful Windows desktop to your (embedded) Linux system, like Raspberry Pi, CuBox-i and ODROID.

## Documentation

More information about installing and runnning Moonlight Embedded is available on the [wiki](https://github.com/irtimmer/moonlight-embedded/wiki).

## Requirements

* [GFE compatible](http://shield.nvidia.com/play-pc-games/) computer with GTX 600/700/900/1000 series GPU (for the PC you're streaming from)
* High-end wireless router (802.11n dual-band recommended) or wired network
* Geforce Experience 2.1.1 or higher

## Quick Start

* Ensure your GFE server and client are on the same network
* Turn on Shield Streaming in the GFE settings
* Pair Moonlight Embedded with the GFE server
* Accept the pairing confirmation on your PC
* Connect to the GFE Server with Moonlight Embedded
* Play games!

## Bugs

Please check the fora, wiki and old bug reports before submitting a new bug report.

Bugs can be reported to the [issue tracker](https://github.com/irtimmer/moonlight-embedded/issues).

## See also

[Moonlight-common-c](https://github.com/moonlight-stream/moonlight-common-c) is the shared codebase between
different C implementations of Moonlight

[Moonlight-common-c](https://github.com/irtimmer/moonlight-common-c) is the fork used by Moonlight Embedded

## Discussion

[Discord](https://discord.gg/6ERtzFY) Moonlight in General with Moonlight Embedded channel  
[XDA](http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2505510) Moonlight in General  
[Raspberry Pi Forum](http://www.raspberrypi.org/forums/viewtopic.php?f=78&t=65878) Moonlight Embedded for Raspberry Pi  
[SolidRun Community](http://www.solid-run.com/community/viewtopic.php?f=13&t=1489&p=11173) Moonlight Embedded for Cubox-i and Hummingboard  
[ODROID Forum](http://forum.odroid.com/viewtopic.php?f=91&t=15456) Moonlight Embedded on ODROID  

## Contribute

1. Fork us
2. Write code
3. Send Pull Requests
